**A Purely Mortal Struggle p1**

Halmeus was a young lad, second son of Aphirius, Shaman of the Clan Gravus. He had had a relatively normally childhood for a Vazari of his status, he had successfully dominated his first Unliving at age 7, a little late by average though he did grow to be more independent then normal due to his only caretaker being a elderly man of the tribe who had, before being subjected to the Mindburn spell, been a master boatmaker, meanwhile his elder brother spent much of his time helping their father run the village and subsequently had little time to spare for a young child.

 The elderly man liked to regale Halmeus of tales of the outside world, even though he had never left the Tadaloan Islands, and even if he had, the Mindburn spell would have removed any memory of this. Despite this, Halmeus was taken by the old mans description of the outside world, his imagination running wild as he listened to the old man speak.

As he grew older Halmeus trained under the elderly man and was taught how to masterfully craft a boat, or at least that is what he would have liked to claim, but the old man was beginning to deteriorate fast mentally and became unable to complete Halmeus's training. When the time came Halmeus was the one who was given the honor of inducing The First Death upon the old man in recognition of their closeness, and after mentally dominating the Unliving that had taken his mentor's body he set out to create a ship of his own with which he could travel the world, completing the dream that the old man had sparked in his childhood.

When he finished crafting the boat(which he would later go on to dub The Serpent's Glide), it would not have been by any means considered a beautiful ship by Vazari standards. Too deep did it's hull run, a danger in the shallow waters of the Island chain and a sign of poor craftsmenship. Despite this, Halmeus managed to convince several of his more wanderlust taken friends to follow him on his dream to see the outside world, and so, with a full hold of trade goods that he hoped to barter with the outside world and use to fund his expedition, he set out for farther shores and stranger sunsets.