Lyva privately wondered if that left any way to escape curses, but kept that to herself as Oryllia spoke familiar names. What? How did she know? She was a child of this universe, not the old, she ought to be too young to know, unless....    

Lyva shook her head, several metal tools rattling at a surge of magnetism in her surprise, then calmed, "Oh. Yes. It's a little complicated honestly. I was an accident. My mother, Celastra, a space serpent like our visiting gargantuan serpent, had the idea to take a fourth sphere, the sphere of Metal. It didn't work, rejected her and split her essence, and I am the result. Greed and Metal."       

"Kymenos was her mate, her love, but he was a true father to me, taught me to work hard, to appreciate the arcane, to be cunning. I suppose he may be my father metaphysically too now. Over my demigod-hood I gathered the needed materials and knowledge to attempt a ritual of ascension- one that obviously worked. They aided me, and I like to think that enough of them rubbed off on me to count me as their daughter truly. My other self is closer to their true natures- ah, but I won't change here, I had a bit of a growth spurt while waiting." She smiled, then seemed to turn quiet, fidgeting with her tail.    

"I had two younger siblings too. My mother laid them just before I left. They'll be massive now, that's... strange to think. Kelnos and Astramel. Stars, I've not said they're names in... millenia. No going back now. Geography, universes is one thing, but it's been so long." She smiled sadly and shook her head, "Hm, this is my home now."