# Forgiveness Pt. 2 [Beautiful Creatures]

&#x200B;

Thool started with the basin of water surrounding the crater floor. "Surely this would water could be more lively" Thool thought. Picking up some mud from the rubble, Thool shaped a long tapered tube. Grabbing a nearby twig, Thool etched one large eye onto the end of this tube, gills on its sides with tiny fins, and a fan-like tail on the other end. "Well it isn't my finest work, but you always burn the first batch I suppose". Thool threw the monstrosity into the river where it began to swim around. "Gross" Thool thought. "But hey, it is a living being. This shall be known to my people as the Mudfish". Though not very pleasant to look at, the mudfish serves an important role in the micro ecosystem of the newly created basin. The mudfish feeds on small algae and other microorganisms, helping act as a natural water filter. Often times these creatures will lay their eggs in the submerged roots of trees along the water to hide them from any predators. As a result of their high intake of chlorophyll, these eggs are usually green, yet do not rely on the sun to hatch. Instead, usually this excess chlorophyll is often absorbed through these tree roots, giving the trees a lush green canopy and needed energy to grow.

Thool began toying around with a branch that had fallen into the stream and noticed several caverns in the walls of this basin. "Well, maybe I'll leave aquatic life to the other gods. Maybe I can make some land creatures! It worked out when Yashqal and I did it last time. Surely it can't be that much more difficult alone!"

Thool sat and thought for what felt like hours (and was actually years). Finally, they had an idea! "If this creature is going to live in these caves, it will need to be able to burrow, so it must have some sharp claws and strong teeth to break through such difficult terrain. It should also be relatively small so that it cannot harm the Shagan. And just to make sure, it will seek out other creatures made of meat, instead of the wood that comprise my children". After hours of drafting and creating, Thool created the Kazish. A small, prariedog-like creature with sharp teeth and strong claws perfect for digging through even solid rock. This creature is a carnivore, though often times will seek out the eggs of the mudfish or moderately sized insects. The loosened soil that they create from their digging loosens soil and turns it over, helping to spread minerals and nutrients adequately, often times spurring the growth of trees. Additionally, the elaborate tunnels that the Kazish create often act as guide routes for tree roots, usually leading to water or large amounts of needed vitamins and minerals.

\[-2 Kazish\]

&#x200B;

Thool took a brief rest, feeling quite proud of themselves for making such wonderful creations. As they sat on a rock admiring their new creatures, something did not feel right. "Of course! I am the god of trees. This basin lacks any sort of greenery. How can I expect my people to live only amongst the Mudfish and the Kazish? Surely they will need trees to survive". Thool began crafting trees of all kinds. Fruit trees that bore the sweetest treasures, trees that grew just shy of the waterfalls, meters around and notably soft wood for easy crafting. Flowering trees of all colors, some even opalescent, their colors shifting as the light danced and gleamed off them, a tribute to Yashqal. A home has been created, now the only task that remained would be to bring their people to their long-awaited oasis.

\[-2 fruit trees\]

\[-2 lumber trees\]

\[-2 Dancing Light Trees /u/hpllamacrft tagged for Yashqal lore\]

Update: \[-8 for total bioforms\] /u/Joern314