# None [None]
"Why wouldn't you belie... you've felt that distant?" Lyva asked, tears rolling down her cheeks, and gingerly reached towards him. Then she seemed to commit, pushed with her tail, and completely tackled him over, hugging him tight.    

"I didn't know. I thought I was giving you space. I was... I guess I was trying not to be possessive. It's not something I'm good at." She chuckled bitterly, then pulled his hand up, round her neck, fingers on her pulse. "Here. See if my heart feels like I lie. I can't speak for mortal beliefs... it feels like more trouble than it is worth to correct them perfectly when they spread rumours so quickly."     

"I don't normally talk about my lovers with my other lovers. It seems impolite. So... you and Prismari are my consorts, I've known you both from our Celastra's realm." She began, and retold her relationships and stories of the world from her perspective. She didn't care for mortal stories, she considered them amusing at best, annoying at worst, but not worth the effort to enforce her canon. Lyva spoke of only three actual lovers- Gon, Prismari and the Knave, Nadeline, who she considered cute but tempestuous, less solid of a relationship, thanks in part to the thievery. She considered herself to have no children- Sunda and the blob had been made from her essence, but she had no will or choice in that, and no desire to act maternally. The stories of her other lovers seem to have been rumours spread by Sunda, and conflated with the metaphor that she and the Sorcerer had created the Apokryph species together.   

"As for evidence... well, Kain is denying it. There was a note saying he hoped we'd be good parents, but I burnt it with my tears when I panicked, so remaking it would be pointless." She sighed and rolled off of him, though stayed close by, tail around his ankle. "We could get together and I could demonstrate how my... metaphysical... divine.. biology reproduces. But I... wouldn't be a good mother, and you might leave..."
