As the great Shagantar Arslan slept in the new home that Thool had created for them, he felt a presence. Fearing this to be an enemy invader, Arslan awoke like a shot and reached for the spear at his bedside. Suddenly, a force compelled him to pause. When he looked up, although their form was different, he recognized this presence to be Thool. Immediately he bowed and begged forgiveness for his transgression. “I am sorry my lord I did not kn-” “SILENCE” Thool bellowed. Though old and frail it was clear that this was indeed the powerful entity Arslan remembered from so many years ago. “I have given you a home and brought your people to it. It is time that you honor me the way that I have honored your people. I have consulted with Yashqal, and we have decided to bestow upon you another gift”. Thool reveals the details of the star in the sky, the meanings behind its colors, and the need for the Great Temple in order for the Yashool and the humans of the Wooxti tribe to be able to commune with Thool and Yashqal directly, or as directly as humans can divine gods’ wills despite their many differences.  
Under the direction of Arslan, the humans and yashool joined together to build the mighty temple. Their hearts were set on speaking to Thool and Yashqal about every concern, to have constant contact with their lords, but fate had other plans in mind. The temple itself was a stone fortress, dotted with delicately placed peepholes. Through these, the Star of the Seasons would shine and illuminate the intricate carvings that patterned the walls and floor, if they were ever to be carved. 

Under the direction of the prophet Arslan, the yashool brought a fruit from the sacred tree of Yashqal. This, planted in the center of the temple, would sprout a tree that would refract the light of the star across the inscriptions, and bless the temple with the Lord of Dance’s heavenly favor. When the human workmen saw the sapling, they took it as a divine sign, and being humans, they took an axe to it, placed it on the altar, and burnt it as an offering to the gods. 

Being the politically savvy leader that he was, Arslan insisted on keeping the plans to himself, so that he alone would know the wills of Thool so perfectly and could remain his prophet, securing his position as the Shagantar.  Upon returning to complete his carvings Arslan saw what the humans had done. He dropped to his knees at the sight of the destroyed tree, the ultimate sign from Thool and Yashqal, and he wept in the open. “This was not the behavior of a leader” other members of the Shagan thought as they watched their the composure of their once fearless leader, their guiding prophet, crumble before them. After, collecting himself, Arslan glared at the humans, “YOU HAVE DESTROYED OUR SACRED SHRINE!!” He howled between shallow breaths. “RUINED! ITS ALL RUINED. THIS WAS TO BE OUR PEOPLE’S SALVATION, AND IN AN INSTANT YOU HAVE DAMNED US ALL!” 
The humans were hurt and confused, they thought they were dedicating the temple by giving their burnt offering. They did not understand that fire offended the yashool, and the burning of this tree in particular was unforgivable. The leader of the Wooxti blamed Arslan for keeping his plans secret. He refused to work anymore with the Shagantar, and the Wooxti shunned all his religion and rejected him as a prophet. 

The temple still stands incomplete. It is still used as an observatory, but the light of the star only illuminates half-done inscriptions, incomprehensible to humans and yashool alike. 

[+3 for Endless Projects /u/hpllamacrft and /u/downsmi1]