Heresy II

Among the short-lived and unsympathetic Nkarlen, fatalism and gallows humour are quite common. As such, doomsayers are not rare, but are often disregarded as the goblins hardly expect to live long enough to see the end of the world:

"I wiiish the world would end... then at least I can stop listenin' to cousin Segovo go on and on about how sausage trees, aalos, *sausage* *trees...* are the solution to world hunger. I keep tellin' that srukzek that one o' these days someone is gonna make him inta a sausage an plant him inta the ground to see how he likes it."

\- Common Nkarlen saying

Yet the tales of doom go on.

The most popular tale is the tale of the descent of the green moon. It's sudden appearance as an eclipse was quite jarring to the Nkarlen, and many believe that in reality it is the foretold Great Gob (Renk'nkarlen) come to crack open the world open like an egg and fry it over the sun for his breakfast. They believe that the reason it is round is because he is all curled up in a ball to sleep.

The next most popular tale is that the core of the planet is the sun instead of the well planet and that one day soon, gravity is going to reverse directions and suck everyone up into the ball of fire. Goblins that take this seriously have started carving entire upside down houses in their caves. The more fanatic have taken to tying themselves to the ceiling to get used to the new perspective.

Another theory is that all organic life will soon become feral and then only inorganic stone statues will rule the land, lifeless and ever tending to the mountains and caves of old while the rest of the world turns into a pool of blood.

Still other Nkarlen believe that they themselves are meant to end the world by eating everything in sight and out of sight. Some bizarre believers of this make statues of the gods and then eat them to fulfill this fantasy.

The most optimistic Nkarlen believe that one day soon everything will return to the stone from which it is supposed to have come from. Peace and harmony will exist on the planet  forever as the stone creatures watch over the world for the rest of eternity; forever frozen in all their glory.

\[+3 for prompt\]