# None [None]
The first explosion was absolutely pathetic; the goblin "scientist" who discovered the first oxeblas gem found only a small naturally occurring version in a wash out near one of the river beds that flowed into the inland sea. This crystal was tiny, but the Nkarlen - who's name was Nkirli - pocketed the crystal and went about her day hunting down small game and killing them twice. In goblin understanding everything had two lives, including mortals. When she returned that night with three small hares, she found that the crystal had turned completely black, something that did not amuse her. It had been such a pretty red. The she dropped the brittle little crystal and with a loud pop and small flash it burst into thousands of pieces. It gave Nkirli a small fright.

The next day, she returned to the place that she had found the tiny one and collected a whole bunch to take to the local Misrei. The Misrei, having no idea what the thing was, went to consult the priests of the Ranos. The Ranos also had little idea of what it was and so they in turn prayed for an answer from the feathered one who knew all of the things that dwelled in his realm. Sometimes this was a pointless exercise, as Gon ignored the majority of their requests for information; he was not interested in naming every grub they had managed to dig up. This time was different, however, and Gon chose to appear before his priests to explain their use and gift them with a new magic, at the behest of Nkom, who could be persistent at times.

So he taught them how to manipulate gems as though they were fabrics; how to soften and weave them together and how to join them together to form larger crystals. While not quite to the level of Nkom's miraculous gem creations, it was a start.

\[-3 for gem weaving magic, -2 to keep it secret, -1 contact clergy - allows one to change gems into a fabric/thread like form and join them together to make, well, anything you could make with normal fabric. This magic also allows you to harden these things back into gems. The most skilled practitioners can make an almost silk-like substance out of gems. The main problem is that while manipulating these gems one must maintain a constant flow of magic energy while performing this act. As such, larger projects require a lot of magic. Estimated rate is 3 human equivalent mortals for something like a dress.\]
