# None [None]
With the exception of the white wrapping covering his left hand and forearm, Gon looked much the same. The green feathers on his head were a bit rough looking for some reason, though he wasn't vain enough to keep them looking the best. The blade's hilt had returned to being a shiny metal, though it appeared to tarnishing to a green color in the intricate engravings. The blade was still black, if she were able to see it through the scabbard. Gon seemed to not even register the scent of blood, he had become used to it long ago.

"Wouldn't a metal house be a way to show off their wealth then?" Gon replied with a laugh as he held her up. "I noticed the soil stop screaming, and for a brief moment it seemed as if someone was doing my work if I believed stealing metal from the ground was somehow an action against me. Glad that passed, really, now the Nkarlen don't have to spend all their time trying to yell to each other in the dark of their caves! Hah! Maybe their voices will improve now."

"I have not grown any tails, I am afraid." Gon joked with a grin. "Fortunately the mines don't seem to hurt. It is almost like... well... I can feel them, but it is more like something is out of place; like someone came into your house and shifted stuff around. They are not actively destroying the dirt, after all... but I am fine, so it seems... just a bit stiff."

Gon cricked his neck to one side and ran a hand through her hair. "You know I have to ask about this generosity... I am not sure I can picture you being truly generous... so what happened? Did the other party not return your kindness?"
