# None [None]
As his visitor had the courtesy to let him finish what he was doing and the Sorcerer's experiment had gone well so far, he was in a good mood and answered.

"Yes I can choose what skills I transfer, memories are trickier. I am god of magic and death so I do have access to the memories of the deceased and know which I am transferring, mortals availing themselves can not, not yet at least. But I intend to fix that soon. But it is best to let mortals master one area of expertise before teaching them more advanced things. Selective transfer will be possible with the help of necromantic spells, which I intend to teach the mages of Epoidos next. Beside stray foreign memories in an apt performance and use of runes should be minimal at best. But if the spell is botched the receiver of the deceased's memories and skills might develop mental issues like multiple personalities or hearing foreign memories as voices in their heads. The same person, at least if they have a formed personality already should not receive too many transplants of someone else's soul pieces." The Sorcerer answered absentmindedly lecturing.

At the mention of Lyva's and Panoptes' names, the Sorcerer looked up. "Gon Gryn, if my divine senses do not foil me? Indeed I have traveled the void and have in my possession accounts of many such voyages undertaken by my former mentor, who himself is one of the oldest gods he, I and those I encountered on my travels and he on his, know of. I won't stop you from asking, I will however not promise answers."
