The Sorcerer was surprised by the arrival of a "minor god". It was a curious arrangement of things. Not one he had seen before anywhere.  Minor gods were a quaint addition to the totem pole of divinity. However, the unbidden guest's intrusion into the Rift angered the Sorcerer. Oneiros was the city of sleep and meant as a place of rest. Not only had he intruded into the Sorcerer's plane without asking entrance, he had the audacity to demand to be made privy to the Sorcerer's secrets. Whit hot rage welled up in him thinking about the betrayal of Bahuroth and the myriad other small affronts that had ground down his willingness to tolerate intrusion into his affairs. Especially unwarranted, unwelcome, unasked and unbidden intrusion. The Recorder had not chosen a good day to anger Sorcerer. Exhausted from his journey through the void between worlds and ordering the Rift and the structures of death and magic he was very short-tempered. And in the Rift the Sorcerer reigned supreme.

With a flick of his hand, the Recorder was cast out of the Sleeping City. Down below in the Endless Woods he was beset by the nightmares of the dead from the countless worlds the Sorcerer had visited in the past. As the Recorder was not a mortal the Damned couldn't kill him. So the Sorcerer twisted reality. The divine soul of the Recorder was ripped from his body, in the end the Sorcerer might have use for such a divine essence. With the soul gone the mind followed. All that remained was a soulless mindless husk, living only to sate its base urges, like sleep, food and sex. It was fitting that one who strove to record all would be reduced to this state of unlive. And then the Apokryph, the inhabitants of the Rift, dragged the sorry godling to the Rift Woods and tossed him back into the prime material plane. Thus the first of the Unliving was created, changing the face of death forever in this new world.