###The Comet's Impact

The Well of Life came from beyond the confines of our World.

It rode through the Endless Darkness as the Heart of a Comet, its Light stifled within a prison of Ice and Stone. Yet even then, it shone brightly enough to banish the Night's Screaming from half the world... for the short time it was above our world. The Comet slammed into the surface of the world and set our world into the endless cycle of Day and Night.

The Comet's landing did not leave the world without scars. Much of the Continent was shattered by the Comet's arrival, and the Molten Earth surged up through the gaps. When the Earth's Fury finally subsided... the land of Armlah had been born.

Arlamh was born as it has always been, and as it should always be. It is a land of immense mountains, deep valleys, expansive caverns, immense lakes, and raging rivers. Many of the Mountains are volcanoes, and earthquakes are yearly events throughout the region. Yet in those early days; no plants grew from our land, no animals trod upon its surface, and no fish swam within the lakes and rivers. There were not yet men who claimed Arlamh as their domain, and no monsters yet threatened them. This would change, one day.

[-4 Acts for a Regional Terraform]

---

###The Well of Life

At the center of Arlamh is the Crowned Mountain, Silroin, whose Caldera is vast enough to cradle a city. The Source of the Well of Life is entangled within the roots of the Crowned Mountain. It is there that the Well's Life Essence springs forth into existence as a fluid, and it begins it journey the surface through the Mountain's Veins. When it reaches the surface, it becomes a part of the Well of Life, the swirling vortex of Life Essence at the center of the Silroin Caldera.

The First Surge took place as the Essence finally found the surface. The Well's Essence *exploded* forth from the ground as a miles-high geyser, and rained down across all of Arlamh. New Life rose up from wherever the Essence sank into the soil or mixed into the water.

When the First Surge ended, the Well of Life became calm for a short time. Its Basin was almost empty, save for a puddle of dull Essence that sat at its center. Then the Mountain's Veins began to bleed the Essence into the Basin, and the Vortex began to spin.

[-2 Acts for a Local Terraform to create The Well of Life.]

[-4 Acts to Bioform the environment of my region. It's a hybridization of the Yellowstone Caldera and Norway.]

---

###The Essence of Life

The Essence of Life is a glowing fluid with a gel-like consistency. It shines with a Pale-Blue Light. This light is bright, but not blinding, when the Essence is in the Well of Life or when it is recently removed. The light will slowly fade once the Essence has been removed from the well, eventually going dark after a year. Once Life Essence has gone dark, it will begin to rapidly evaporate.

Life Essence is generated by The Source, which is physically located **deep** below Mt. Silroin. Once created, Essence is pushed upwards through a series of magma tubes known as the Mountain's Veins. The Veins of the Mountain terminate at the exposed remains of Silroin's Magma Chamber, which is known as the Well of Life.

The Well of Life is incapable of overflowing. Excess Essence appears to "drain" into another location, but there is no physical mechanism to explain where it's going. It *appears* to simply cease to exist. This process of Essence draining out of existence is the cause of the Well of Life's Vortex. The Vortex's intensity grows when the Well of Life becomes more productive, as more Essence must "drain" to prevent spillage. 

This "drainage" mechanism is also credited for the Well of Life's effects upon living and once living things that fall into it. Any living or dead plant, animal, or mortal that falls into the Well of Life will rapidly dissolve. This makes harvesting Life Essence from the Well when it's unusually active **very** dangerous.

The Essence of Life can be used as a Healing Elixir, accelerating the natural healing processes of mortal and animal bodies. It can also be used to stimulate the growth of plants by "watering" them with it, causing them to grow faster and larger.

[-3 Acts to give the Life Essence Healing Powers]

[-2 Acts to have the Life Essence work as a Fertiliser]

[-1 Act for the Well of Life's easily avoidable, yet invariably fatal, properties.]