 At the fringes of the Great Ras'shalas Empire, the blood-slaves were growing in numbers. Masters bred them for their crimson fluids in ever growing numbers, so that in some corners of the Empire the chattel outnumbered free persons 8 to 1. And though they hated the masters they had no recourse; they were a pitiful people with no ability to organize, or will to discipline. All they had was their music. Inspired by their own fidelity - the dancing light at the core of themselves - they found the will to hope. It was in a decrepit cabin at the edge of a forest that Yashqal saw this music and dancing come to a peak. He was determined to fulfill his promise to Berimbau. 

Five men sat on the ground, their threadbare blankets pulled around them, making music with instruments fashioned from odds and ends. The door opened, and the emerald eagle swooped in. 

“Your deliverance is at hand” squawked Yashqal, “you already know that there is a power that comes from blood, but I can show you another power, one that comes from Fidelity!”

“Take this scorpion for example,” and he picked up a scorpion in his talon that had been scurrying around the floor, “he is quick, deadly, and a slave to know one. You too can free yourselves if you show fidelity to the scorpion!” 

Yashqal showed them the dance of the scorpion, and told them to spread this throughout the Empire. Thus, disguised as a dance, the blood slaves of the Ras’shalas spread their martial art. The dance taught them blood was not the only source of power, and by showing Fidelity to the scorpion they learned to kick with the accuracy of the scorpion’s deadly strike. Organized in dance circles and disciplined by training, the blood slaves rebelled against their masters. At the fringes of the empire, the masters were massacred. The supply chain of blood was disrupted, and the mages lost their precious renewable resource. The fields went untilled, the markets were empty, the empire ground to a halt, as the blood slaves, freed by martial dance, fled to the forests and mountains. 

\[I’m expecting other gods to also contribute to the empire’s fall.\]