Soon Ragor the Third would wonder no longer, for in secret the Mad Cult of the gibbering god Malaphet had wormed it's way into power among the mage-priests of the empire, slowly assassinating those who stood in their way and having them replaced with other members of the cult or those who were too ineffective to uncover the conspiracy at hand. They had been at this since the passing of Ragor's grandfather, and while they had faced some set-backs, the occasional priest being uncovered as a heretic being one of the more common, their take-over of the organization was nearing completion, not that it would need to be completed, for now, as they gazed into the ever shifting star-eyes of their master, they saw the time was right for them to enact the grand ritual that they had been preparing in secret for nearly a decade now.

Slowly they gathered in the grand Colosseum, bringing with them nearly a thousand slaves, assured they would be undisturbed by the fomenting of several distractions around the empire that would draw away the armies that guarded the capital, from aiding a slave rebellion by crippling the militaries response to it, to setting a forest on fire.

The Ritual reached it's peak as the mage-priests plunged their daggers simultaneously into the hearts of their slaves before smashing in the skulls of the slaves as they rose as the Unliving. The combined power of these sacrifices was funneled to the head priest amplifying his call into the void, the immense expenditure of magical energy catching the attention of their dread master and drawing him into the twilight sky above far the capital city.

For the unaware civilians in the city looking up into the darkening sky, this turned from a pleasant spectacle into a horrifying nightmare as the stars themselves congregated above their cities. From the illuminated darkness, many great mouths could be seen opening wide as they descended upon the Empire of Blood.

\[This will likely be the finishing blow on the Empire of Blood, but perhaps some of the gods would like to interfere with Malaphet's meal. Chronologically I believe this happens near the end of the turn.

I believe the very best outcome for the mortal inhabitants is the city is destroyed and the people scattered to the wind, worst is all mortals in the area devoured by Malaphet and the city reduced to a gaping crater in the ground.

tagging /u/WritingInfinity for your protection sphere, /u/Rhaegar1994 for your sphere of heroes, maybe you will want to save the populace by stalling Malaphet's descent or actively fighting him. Not sure anyone else would be interested in interfering with this one way or another, but feel free to hop in on either side\]