Malaphet's second tendril, pulled in to merge with the main tendril, adding it's mass to the descending pillar of divine force. Even with this addition it was not enough to shatter Sarah's divine shield, at least not fully, though immense cracks formed with the calamitous collision, the shockwave from the impact dispersing Kain's now failing hurricane. portions of his mass began to seep through the shield, the rest seeping to the edges of the shield, roiling off the sides like a waterfall creating a curtain of mass as his nebulous form continued to fall from the sky, no end in sight.

The Cultists were powerful mages in their own right, but magecraft required death, and they found their sacrifices blocked behind divinely powered shields. Some cultists turned to engage Sarah's copies in hand to hand combat, but this was not what they were trained for, most killings they made were of helpless sacrifices that were tied and bound, not fully functioning goddesses, and so Sarah made short work of those foolish enough to attempt it. Other Cultists turned on their own fellows, sacrificing them to weave their fell magics, either to send it to empower their lord or to defend themselves from her inexorable assault.

As Prismari rose to confront the Eldritch horror, Malaphet responded in kind lashing out with smaller tendrils in an attempt to beat back the younger god. In Response to Prismari's yell Malaphet responded "(Unintelligible Gibberish)" as his entire body shook, vibrating the air so hard it seemed as though Kain's hurricane had returned. But the physical response was not the only way Malaphet replied, he sent psychic emanations that resounded in what functioned as Prismari's brain and with such force that if Prismari had not been a god he would have been subsumed by the feeling of pain, of rage but most critically of **Hunger**, this feeling of gut-wrenching hunger bounced back and forth like a self contained wave in his mind.

Down continued to poor Malaphet's mass as it reconstructed itself after squeezing through the cracks of Sarahs divine power, but his inertia had been halted and his form spread thin compared to the single stream it had been, it appeared that her shields were working at least in part

\[ /u/WritingInfinity \]