As Sara cut through the braver cultists in through the Colosseum the rest realized they didn't stand a chance against the intruder, most tossing down their weapons in surrender while the head priest remained static, his head bowed in contemplation, still chanting in the mortal approximation of the language that they believed Malaphet to speak, though unlike Malaphet's speech this translated into something Sarah could understand, namely chanting for Malaphet to protect them from the horrible devil that was preventing them from fulfilling their divinely given cause.

Malaphet was busy, while some of his mass had pushed through those cracks in the shield the majority was held up and prevented from breaking through. For a tense few minutes it looked like the shields would hold as Malaphet's mass roiled and raged ineffectively against the divine shield that stood between himself and his meal. Then from high above Sarah could see another pulse of energy descending from the stars similar to the wind up that preceded the beam that had dropped Kain in a single blow. As the pulse of light  neared those below could see a vast maw, nearly the size of the city itself, open up and bite into the shield, not nearly hard enough to break through, but certainly hard enough to hold onto the shield and focus the coming blast directly into the shield.

Sure enough when the blast came it acted as a breaching charge, shattering the shield beneath it and allowing Malaphet's mass to pour through the now fractured shield unhindered, luckily the shield absorbed enough of the blast that the mortals that remained in the city were, while rocked by the shockwave, otherwise unharmed.

With the shield shattered and the mass of Malaphet quickly approaching, the psychic broadcasting of it's **Hunger** began to be noticeable even by the panicked mortals.

As Prismari launched the massive lightning bolt at Malaphet a thick tendril detached itself from his main mass, sacrificing itself to block the lightning from striking the main mass, charring the tendril that fell still ceasing to writhe as the rest of the body did, a unearthly shriek pulsed from Malaphet, and even for a brief moment **Pain** overwrote **Hunger** as the most powerful of Malaphets psychic emanations.

Many mortals of the city had escaped to the hillside where, so long as Malaphet was halted by their divine protectors they would be safe

The first parts that had slipped through Sarah's shield floated, suspended in the air as they waited for the rest of Malaphet's bulk to catch up before reabsorbing into the mass and continuing it's descent. Down plunged Malaphet, heedless of the Goddess of protection and God of Heroes that stood in his way. A million great maws opened wide on a hundred thousand tendrils, ready to rip and tear into the divine flesh of that those who stood in his way. It appears Malaphet wasn't going to back down without a fight.

\[ /u/WritingInfinity \]