**Prompt: Snowfall**

&#x200B;

Once again it became time for Thool to change the seasons, this time to bring in winter. "This is my least favorite part of the job" they thought to themselves letting out a breath of exhaustion. "Winter has got to be the worst job. It's too much work, and these old bones are getting tired". The young man began aging rapidly, his brown hair turning stark white, as white as snow even. "That's it! Thool thought. "I know what I can do! Thool plucked out a few of his hairs. The old man grabbed a twig and some leaves from a nearby tree. As if it were a needle and thread, he sewed the leaves onto the stick as if they were tiny wings.   

As he held his tiny creation in his hand, he clasped one over the other and focused all of his energy to his hands. He set the item on the forest floor and it began to grow into a humanoid shape with beautiful white wings. It stood upright, almost twice as tall as the old man. He had beautiful white hair and wings that looked like tree leaves. "Hello" the beautiful man said to his elder. "Hello young one. I am Thool, god of the seasons and the trees. But, an old man like me needs some help from time to time. You see, one of my jobs used to be to bring the snow, just like this!" Thool scratched the top of his head, loosing some dandruff on the world creating a fresh blanket of the first winter snow. 

"Why did you say that this used to be your job? What has happened?" The new being asked. "Well, because you are now in charge of snow!" Thool proclaimed. "You see, I gave you these wings so that you could fly up high and drop the snow on the world, all you will have to do is shake your hair out. But there is only a certain time that you can do this you see, I can't have you make it snow in the summer time! Heck, you might try to fly up and that sun up there would burn you right up!" Thool began cackling to himself. "So you see that big tooth up there? A friend stuck that up there for me so that I can tell what season its supposed to be. Once a year when that moon is as bright and full as it is tonight, I will declare it to be winter and you will create snow. I'll leave the amount up to you, but be warned, there are some mortals that live on this planet, and if there are none left after winter to worship us then we too shall perish with them" Thool warned. 

&#x200B;

"Oh that just reminded me!" He started in again. "It would appear that our power is derived from these mortals somehow. And you see, if I go then there is no arbiter of the seasons. Ergo, there is no one to usher in Winter which means no snow. So you see, we're a team here you and I, and whoever I end up making to help me with the needs of the other three seasons, so we have to share this worship" Thool said contenly. "This is a big responsibility that I am entrusting to you now son, are you up for it?" "Without a doubt I am! The godling had an excited expression on his face. "One last thing" Thool mused. "I almost forgot to give you a name! Let's call you Khohar, God of Snow. How does that sound?" Thool asked. "Khohar, I like that a lot. Thank you Thool". "Please!" Thool bellowed a big belly laugh. "Call me Papa Winter. I am your Dad after all. I mean sort of."